doc: User docs for ServingPipeline (#2549)
numaproj/numaflow: docs/core-concepts/serving.md

  pipeline:
    vertices:
      # Input vertex using the special 'serving' source
      - name: serving-in
        scale:
          min: 1
        source:
          serving: {}
      # Example processing vertex
      - name: cat
        scale:
          min: 1
        udf:
          container:
            image: quay.io/numaio/numaflow-go/map-forward-message:stable
      # Output vertex using a compatible 'udsink' to handle results
      - name: out
        scale:
          min: 1
        sink:
          udsink: # Sink must be implemented to handle serving responses
            container:
              image: quay.io/numaio/numaflow-go/sink-serve:stable # Example image
    edges:
      - from: serving-in
        to: cat
      - from: cat
        to: out
```

### Configuration (`spec.serving`)

This section configures the HTTP interface:

  * `service` (boolean): If `true`, automatically creates a Kubernetes Service.
  * `msgIDHeaderKey` (string): The HTTP header key for the unique Request ID.
  * `requestTimeoutSeconds` (integer): Timeout for `/sync` and `/sse` requests (default: `120`).
  * `auth`: Optional configuration for token-based authentication using a Kubernetes `Secret`.

>   * `store`: Optional configuration for a custom result storage backend. If omitted, internal storage (e.g., Redis) is used. See "Custom Result Store" below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `store`: Optional configuration for a custom result storage backend. If omitted, internal storage (e.g., JetStream) is used. See "Custom Results Store" below.
```
